README.md, before:

# BigInt

This is a lightweight and more efficient implementation of BigInt type for and on C++.

It is made with the help of my game engine ACEngine, to not reimplement the tools that it has already.

In future there are plans to merging this project back with the ACEngine to provide arbitrary-width arithmetics in there.

Below is the original docs from the ACEngine at the time of the project creation.

# ACEngine

This is my C++ engine to create games and stuff in console. Rework of my previous [console_engine](https://github.com/SuperArtyK/console_engine_win32 "console_engine") attempt

The code is divided into projects to ease development and testing. (so I don't need to compile the whooole thing to test one thing...like I did last time lol). 

You can find the engine code documentation [here](https://superartyk.github.io/ACEngine "ACEngine doxygen...docs") 
(It isn't fully done, so for all engine info visit the "Namespaces" or "Data Structures" pages)

You can also track the progress of the engine here: [trello board](https://trello.com/b/egICmbPv/artyks-engine "trello board") 

##### Current project list:

* ACEngine -- main project where everything is combined
* AEMisc -- project where the miscellaneous things, global engine variables, and the general engine utilities. Basically stuff that cannot be put into a module
* AEModuleBase -- project of the most basic module of the engine, implementing features for all engine modules.
* AEFileWriter -- project of file writer module. The fast and convenient file writer of the engine (just wrapper of C FILE write api lol).
* AEFrame -- project of the frame delayer (or rater) module of the engine. Makes the perfectly timed delays in the loop possible..if the code takes less time
* AELogger -- project of engine's logger. Allows to log (random) stuff to file.
* AETimer -- project of the engine's timer. Allows to time the events in the engine and count ticks
* AEVector -- project of the engine's mathematical vectors for. Easy, "scalable", and all constexpr (except conversion to string).
* AEFileReader -- project of the file reader module. The fast and convenient file data reader of the engine (just wrapper of C FILE read api lol).
* AECustomTypes -- project of the engine's custom types. The custom types and structs, stuff used widely in the engine

### ACCOMPLISHED FEATURES

* Be able to write data to files, faster than standard stream stuff
* Be able to read data from files, faster than standard stream stuff
* Write logs to file with small performance impact (on the log-invoking thread)
* Have a module-based structure
* Have a utility toolkit in engine for easier programming(similar to [func_utils.hpp](https://github.com/SuperArtyK/console_engine_win32/blob/dev/include/engine/func_utils.hpp "func_utils.hpp") in [console_engine](https://github.com/SuperArtyK/console_engine_win32 "console_engine"))

### DESIRED FEATURES

* Engine file format
* Read and parse logs from file (currently is partially implemented + testing)
* Get input from keyboard and mouse
* Control console's window properties
* Control characters on the screen: write them/change color individually and in bulk
* Make it crossplatform and support multiple build systems (cmake babyyyy. Maybe I'll need to rework it from scratch :') )
* Play and synthesize sound

(For now I'm developing the engine on and for visual studio, to get it up to speed with the previous engine, but I'll make the cmake to work soon too. You know, use as much of crossplatform things like curses, stl, etc)

Yeah, I have yet to release any working version.


### How to build

#### Windows

* Clone the project
* Open the .sln
* Build the solution/projects

#### Linux

* Sadly...you can't, unless manually (or untill sacred cmake appears in this engine)
* Cmake is in the works


### Technical stuff for people that wish to use this (outdated)

When creating a new project in the engine, use the template "ACEngine project template.zip" so you don't have to setup all the include and source paths, etc.

In future there will be another template for advanced modules, that rely on much more functionalty and...other modules to work.

Also, to be consistent with the engine's include system (if developing engine stuff), add all headers in the "include" folder, and source files to the "src" folder (except the main.cpp of course)

And to differentiate the headers of the current project and projects that it depends upon, when including a header file of the project -- include it just in quotes. While add the "include/" before the name for the headers that the project depends on. **BUT** in source files of those projects that include the projects' headers (like .cpp implementation file for a class), add the "../include/" before header file name anyway. Otherwise, it can mess up compilation, if you depend on that project later.

Also make sure that the include/source paths are set up properly: add the "$(SolutionDir)\\(Dependency project name)\include" and the "$(SolutionDir)\\(Dependency project name)\src" to the paths.



And all of this stuff is backed by [**MIT License**](./LICENSE.md "**MIT License**"). **Free Software, Hell Yeah!**

Commit message:

Found an even faster way to convert from bigint to string
Huge thanks to jeaiii!

README.md, after:

# BigInt

This is a lightweight and more efficient implementation of BigInt type for and on C++.

It is made with the help of my game engine ACEngine, to not reimplement the tools that it has already.

In future there are plans to merging this project back with the ACEngine to provide arbitrary-width arithmetics in there.

Special thanks to [@jeaiii](https://github.com/jeaiii "jeaiii") for the integer-to-string conversion library he wrote: [jeaiii/itoa](https://github.com/jeaiii/itoa "jeaiii/itoa").

Below is the original docs from the ACEngine at the time of the project creation.

# ACEngine

This is my C++ engine to create games and stuff in console. Rework of my previous [console_engine](https://github.com/SuperArtyK/console_engine_win32 "console_engine") attempt

The code is divided into projects to ease development and testing. (so I don't need to compile the whooole thing to test one thing...like I did last time lol). 

You can find the engine code documentation [here](https://superartyk.github.io/ACEngine "ACEngine doxygen...docs") 
(It isn't fully done, so for all engine info visit the "Namespaces" or "Data Structures" pages)

You can also track the progress of the engine here: [trello board](https://trello.com/b/egICmbPv/artyks-engine "trello board") 

##### Current project list:

* ACEngine -- main project where everything is combined
* AEMisc -- project where the miscellaneous things, global engine variables, and the general engine utilities. Basically stuff that cannot be put into a module
* AEModuleBase -- project of the most basic module of the engine, implementing features for all engine modules.
* AEFileWriter -- project of file writer module. The fast and convenient file writer of the engine (just wrapper of C FILE write api lol).
* AEFrame -- project of the frame delayer (or rater) module of the engine. Makes the perfectly timed delays in the loop possible..if the code takes less time
* AELogger -- project of engine's logger. Allows to log (random) stuff to file.
* AETimer -- project of the engine's timer. Allows to time the events in the engine and count ticks
* AEVector -- project of the engine's mathematical vectors for. Easy, "scalable", and all constexpr (except conversion to string).
* AEFileReader -- project of the file reader module. The fast and convenient file data reader of the engine (just wrapper of C FILE read api lol).
* AECustomTypes -- project of the engine's custom types. The custom types and structs, stuff used widely in the engine

### ACCOMPLISHED FEATURES

* Be able to write data to files, faster than standard stream stuff
* Be able to read data from files, faster than standard stream stuff
* Write logs to file with small performance impact (on the log-invoking thread)
* Have a module-based structure
* Have a utility toolkit in engine for easier programming(similar to [func_utils.hpp](https://github.com/SuperArtyK/console_engine_win32/blob/dev/include/engine/func_utils.hpp "func_utils.hpp") in [console_engine](https://github.com/SuperArtyK/console_engine_win32 "console_engine"))

### DESIRED FEATURES

* Engine file format
* Read and parse logs from file (currently is partially implemented + testing)
* Get input from keyboard and mouse
* Control console's window properties
* Control characters on the screen: write them/change color individually and in bulk
* Make it crossplatform and support multiple build systems (cmake babyyyy. Maybe I'll need to rework it from scratch :') )
* Play and synthesize sound

(For now I'm developing the engine on and for visual studio, to get it up to speed with the previous engine, but I'll make the cmake to work soon too. You know, use as much of crossplatform things like curses, stl, etc)

Yeah, I have yet to release any working version.


### How to build

#### Windows

* Clone the project
* Open the .sln
* Build the solution/projects

#### Linux

* Sadly...you can't, unless manually (or untill sacred cmake appears in this engine)
* Cmake is in the works


### Technical stuff for people that wish to use this (outdated)

When creating a new project in the engine, use the template "ACEngine project template.zip" so you don't have to setup all the include and source paths, etc.

In future there will be another template for advanced modules, that rely on much more functionalty and...other modules to work.

Also, to be consistent with the engine's include system (if developing engine stuff), add all headers in the "include" folder, and source files to the "src" folder (except the main.cpp of course)

And to differentiate the headers of the current project and projects that it depends upon, when including a header file of the project -- include it just in quotes. While add the "include/" before the name for the headers that the project depends on. **BUT** in source files of those projects that include the projects' headers (like .cpp implementation file for a class), add the "../include/" before header file name anyway. Otherwise, it can mess up compilation, if you depend on that project later.

Also make sure that the include/source paths are set up properly: add the "$(SolutionDir)\\(Dependency project name)\include" and the "$(SolutionDir)\\(Dependency project name)\src" to the paths.



And all of this stuff is backed by [**MIT License**](./LICENSE.md "**MIT License**"). **Free Software, Hell Yeah!**
